>> Steve Kinney: All right, so what we
wanna do is, we've got the files enabled,
the next thing we wanna do is go ahead and
just like install the AWS mobile stuff.
So I'm gonna open it up in Virtual Studio.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll go into source,
we'll go into index.
>> Steve Kinney: Does anyone
remember what I need to do?
>> Speaker 2: Import.
>> Steve Kinney: Import.
>> Speaker 2: Amplify?
>> Steve Kinney: Amplify from,
[LAUGH] not fair,
then we'll input the configuration.
>> Steve Kinney: Exports.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool and then the last
thing we need to do is amplify.configure.
>> Steve Kinney: And
you could call this whatever you want.
I call it configuration, if you just
wanna call it config or whatever,
it's all up to you.
Cool, no change in my
application just yet.
So I mentioned like I should
probably AWS mobile push it
otherwise I'm gonna be like I want
to start working on this S3 bucket.
And they'd be like Nate,
you don't have one.
And I'm like but I enabled one.
It's like yeah, but
you didn't tell Amazon about it so
if a bucket is created and
no one tells Amazon, does it make a sound?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Steve Kinney: Is that the joke?
That's not the joke is it?
Cool, so we pushed that up.
>> Steve Kinney: And neat, all right.
So, we still don't have any
functionality in place here.
Cool, you turned on user files.
It's when we turned on
that database before and
then didn't implement any API end points.
The cool thing is we don't
need an API gateway for this.
All we basically in this
case is the storage bucket.
So let's go ahead and try that out.
What we'll do first is we'll list all
the files currently in the bucket.
If you remember when we did the database
before that was kinda boring it's like,
here's an empty array.
There's a surprise waiting for
us in the AWS bucket that we just made so.
We'll go into application and
before we did component did mount and
what we'll do is we'll import
storage from 'aws-amplify'.
Remember it's not React specific,
we're just using React to
keep some of the tedium of us
writing vanilla JavaScript
all over the place.
And so we pull in the storage API and
so we'll start out with.
>> Steve Kinney: Storage.list.
And I told you before,
if you did photo slash,
it would get you all the things
under the photo directory.
Albums will get you all the things
in the albums directory.
Well let's just cheat.
We'll give it an empty string,
which is all the things, right?
Just start at the very base and
tell me everything that's in this bucket.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool and then, we'll say
files or we could call it things, but
let's.
>> Steve Kinney: And
let's just console.log these files.
So when the component mounts, go ahead and
tell me everything is in
the bucket in the console.
So for that two of these apps running.
>> Steve Kinney: You can see files array
as one and you can see that Amazon was
nice enough to put an example
image in there, right.
It's like exampleimage.png, last
modified Wednesday May 30th around now.
The size of it and an in tag.
Cool, here's the thing.
It's slightly problematic because
I can't do anything with Ikea.
I can't like okay,
let's put a new image on the page and
give it the source of example
image.png cuz that will look for
something that Logo Host 3001,
example image png.
That's just the key It's not
the actual image itself.
Once I have the keys from Amazon,
I can then go ask the storage API, hey,
can you give me a URL for
the file of that key, right?
So it's a little bit of a first
ask Amazon for all the keys and
then go ask the storage API For the URL
that points to the file that it gave.
But the nice things is like if
you put something in there and
got a key back, means that you
could go store it in a database,
you could go store it in local storage,
you could go store it anywhere you want
and then you say like, I have this key of
this file, can you please go get me a URL?
So while it seems in a contrived example,
that we're doing slightly onerous.
It's actually got some unique
advantages to it as well.